MM-33908 Resync LDAP Groups to Teams and Channels (#4570)
mattermost/docs: source/cloud/cloud-user-management/cloud-groups.rst

Users can be removed from the Mattermost group on subsequent synchronizations. However, they will not be removed from teams and channels unless the team or channel is group-synced.

.. note::

>    When a member removes themselves manually from a channel, that action is tracked in the **Channel Member History** table. If a System Admin manually forces all members in a specific LDAP group to join the teams and channels synchronized to that group, members can potentially be re-added to channels from which they previously removed themselves.

Reviewer: We're not tracking who performed the removal from the channel. I mention it in case you think users might get that impression from the use of "removes themselves".

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think we should change this to be "re-added to channels from which they were previously removed."

Author: Thank you both -- I've applied your excellent clarification to both the cloud and the self-managed notes.

>    When a member removes themselves manually from a channel, that action is tracked in the **Channel Member History** table. If a System Admin manually forces all members in a specific LDAP group to join the teams and channels synchronized to that group, members can potentially be re-added to channels from which they previously removed themselves.

Author: ```suggestion
   When a member removes themselves manually from a channel, that action is tracked in the **Channel Member History** table. If a System Admin manually forces all members in a specific LDAP group to join the teams and channels synchronized to that group, members can potentially be re-added to channels from which they were previously removed.
```

>    When a member removes themselves manually from a channel, that action is tracked in the **Channel Member History** table.  Users can potentially be re-added to channels from which they previously removed themselves in cases where System Admins manually force all members in a specific LDAP group to join the teams and channels synchronized to that group.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   When a member removes themselves manually from a channel, that action is tracked in the **Channel Member History** table. If a System Admin manually forces all members in a specific LDAP group to join the teams and channels synchronized to that group, members can potentially be re-added to channels from which they previously removed themselves.
```

Disabling and Reactivating AD/LDAP Users
-----------------------------------------
If a member is removed from an AD/LDAP group, deactivated in AD/LDAP, or filtered from the AD/LDAP user filter, that member loses access to Mattermost.

If that member is later re-added, reactivated, or included in the user filter, they aren't automatically re-added to Mattermost groups. A System Admin must re-add that member manually to Mattermost teams and channels.

> Using the API, System Admins can manually re-add all group members back into synchronized teams or channels by forcing members in an LDAP group to join the teams and channels synchronized to that group, even if members left on their own, were removed, were filtered out, or were deactivated. See our `API documentation <https://api.mattermost.com/#operation/SyncLdap>`__ for details on synchronizing user attribute changes in the configured AD/LDAP server with Mattermost.

Author: ```suggestion
Using the Mattermost API, System Admins can manually re-add all group members back into synchronized teams or channels by forcing members in an LDAP group to join the teams and channels synchronized to that group, even if members left on their own, were removed, were filtered out, or were deactivated. See our `Mattermost API documentation <https://api.mattermost.com/#operation/SyncLdap>`__ for details on synchronizing user attribute changes in the configured AD/LDAP server with Mattermost.
```
